feat: Add partition-aware grouped execution for bucketed tables (#27663)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/properties-session.rst

is internally optimized to use a single ``max_by(ROW(v1, v2, v3), k)`` call with field extraction,
reducing both CPU and memory usage.

``grouped_execution``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``true``
* **Config:** ``grouped-execution-enabled``

Use grouped execution when possible. Grouped execution schedules bucketed table operations
in lifespans (one per bucket), reducing memory usage by processing a subset of data at a time.
This is required for queries on bucketed tables that use join, aggregation, or window functions
with compatible bucket layouts.

> 

Reviewer: Please add a link to the corresponding configuration property. Here's an example from elsewhere in the properties-session.rst file: 

```
The corresponding configuration property is [materialized-view-query-rewrite-cost-based-selection-enabled](http://localhost:8000/admin/properties.html#materialized-view-query-rewrite-cost-based-selection-enabled).
```

``partition_aware_grouped_execution``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``
* **Config:** ``partition-aware-grouped-execution-enabled``

When enabled alongside ``grouped_execution``, schedules each (bucket, partition-values) pair as
a separate lifespan instead of processing all partitions per bucket in a single lifespan. This
reduces per-lifespan hash table size for joins and aggregations on bucketed + partitioned tables.

For example, with 8 buckets and 3 ``ds`` partitions, standard grouped execution creates 8 lifespans
(one per bucket, each processing all 3 partitions). Partition-aware grouped execution creates 24
lifespans (8 buckets x 3 partitions), each processing one bucket for one partition value.

The feature activates when:

* The table is both bucketed and partitioned

> * Partition columns appear as equi-join keys (e.g., ``t1.ds = t2.ds``) or GROUP BY keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Partition columns appear as equi-join keys (for example, ``t1.ds = t2.ds``) or GROUP BY keys
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for e.g.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#eg) for discussion and alternatives.

* At least 2 distinct partition values exist (single partition provides no benefit)

> When partition-aware execution is not applicable (e.g., non-partitioned tables, no partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When partition-aware execution is not applicable (for example: non-partitioned tables, no partition
```

> columns in join conditions), the query falls back to standard grouped execution automatically.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the corresponding configuration property.
